when you boost a neural network one of
the choices you get to make is what
activation functions use independent
layers as well as at the output unit of
your neural network so far we've just
been using the sigmoid activation
function but sometimes other choices can
work much better let's take a look at
some of the options in the forward
propagation steps for the neural network
we have these two steps where we use the
sigmoid function here so that sigmoid is
called an activation function and G is
the familiar sigmoid function I equals 1
over 1 plus nu to negative G so in the
more general case we can have a
different function G of Z visually right
here where G could be a nonlinear
function that may not be the sigmoid
function so for example the sigmoid
function goes between 0 & 1 an
activation function that almost always
works better than the sigmoid function
is the 10h function or the hyperbolic
tangent function so this is Z this is a
this is a equals 10 H of Z and this goes
between plus 1 and minus 1 the formula
for the 10h function is e to the Z minus
e to negative V over there some and it's
actually mathematically a shifted
version of the sigmoid function so as a
you know sigmoid function just like that
but shift it so that it now crosses a
zero zero point and rescale so it goes
to G minus one and plus one and it turns
out that for hidden units if you let the
function G of Z be equal to
ten HSV this almost always works better
than the sigmoid function because with
values between plus one and minus one
the mean of the activations that come
out of your head in there are closer to
having a zero mean and so just as
sometimes when you train a learning
algorithm
you might Center the data and have your
data have zero mean using a 10-8 instead
of a sigmoid function kind of has the
effect of centering your data so that
the mean of the data is close to the
zero rather than maybe a 0.5 and this
actually makes learning for the next
layer a little bit easier we'll say more
about this in the second course when we
talk about optimization algorithms as
well but one takeaway is that I pretty
much never use the sigmoid activation
function anymore
the 10-ish function is almost always
strictly superior the one exception is
for the output layer because if Y is
either 0 or 1 then it makes sense for y
hat to be a number that you want to
output plus between 0 and 1 rather than
between minus 1 and 1 so the one
exception where I would use the sigmoid
activation function is when you're using
binary classification in which case you
might use the sigmoid activation
function for the output layer so G of Z
2 here is equal to Sigma of Z 2 and so
what you see in this example is where
you might have a ten-inch activation
function for the hidden layer and
sigmoid for the output layer so the
activation functions can be different
for different layers and sometimes to
denote that the activation functions are
different for different layers we might
use these square brackets super scripts
as well to indicate that G of square
bracket 1 may be different than G square
bracket 2 red mccain square bracket 1
superscript refers to this layer and
superscript square bracket 2 refers to
the Alpha layer
now one of the downsides of both the
sigmoid function and the 10h function is
that if Z is either very large or very
small then the gradient of the
derivative or the slope of this function
becomes very small so Z is very large or
Z is very small the slope of the
function you know ends up being close to
zero and so this can slow down gradient
descent so one of the toys that is very
popular in machine learning is what's
called the rectified linear unit so the
value function looks like this and the
formula is a equals max of 0 comma Z so
the derivative is 1 so long as Z is
positive and derivative or the slope is
0 when Z is negative if you're
implementing this technically the
derivative when Z is exactly 0 is not
well-defined but when you implement is
in the computer the often you get
exactly the equals 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
it is very small so you don't need to
worry about it in practice you could
pretend a derivative when Z is equal to
0 you can pretend is either 1 or 0 and
you can work just fine so the fact that
is not differentiable the fact that so
here are some rules of thumb for
choosing activation functions if your
output is 0 1 value if you're I'm using
binary classification then the sigmoid
activation function is very natural for
the upper layer and then for all other
units on varalu or the rectified linear
unit is increasingly the default choice
of activation function so if you're not
sure what to use for your head in there
I would just use the relu activation
function that's what you see most people
using these days although sometimes
people also use the tannish activation
function
once this advantage of the value is that
the derivative is equal to zero when V
is negative in practice this works just
fine but there is another version of the
value called the least G value will give
you the formula on the next slide but
instead of it being zero when G is
negative it just takes a slight slope
like so so this is called the Whiskey
value this usually works better than the
value activation function although it's
just not used as much in practice either
one should be fine
although if you had to pick one I
usually just use the revenue and the
advantage of both the value and only key
value is that for a lot of the space of
Z the derivative of the activation
function the slope of the activation
function is very different from zero and
so in practice using the regular
activation function your new network
will often learn much faster than using
the ten age or the sigmoid activation
function and the main reason is that on
this less of this effect of the slope of
the function going to zero which slows
down learning and I know that for half
of the range of Z the slope of relu is
zero but in practice enough of your
hidden units will have Z greater than
zero so learning can still be quite mask
for most training examples so let's just
quickly recap there are pros and cons of
different activation functions here's
the sigmoid activation function I would
say never use this except for the output
layer if you are doing binary
classification or maybe almost never use
this and the reason I almost never use
this is because the 10h is pretty much
strictly superior so the 10-inch
activation function is this and then the
default the most commonly used
activation function is the Grandview
which is this so you're not sure what
else to use use this one and maybe you
know feel free also to try to leek you
really know where um might be
0.01 G Komen Z right so a is the max of
0.01 times Z and Z so that gives you
this some Bend in the function and you
might say you know why is that constant
0.01 well you can also make that another
parameter of the learning algorithm and
some people say that works even better
but I hardly see people do that so but
if you feel like trying it in your
application you know please feel free to
do so and and you can just see how it
works and how long works and stick with
it if it gives you good result so I hope
that gives you a sense of some of the
choices of activation functions you can
use in your network one of the themes
we'll see in deep learning is that you
often have a lot of different choices in
how you code your neural network ranging
from number of credit units to the
chosen activation function to how you
neutralize the waves which we'll see
later a lot of choices like that and it
turns out that is sometimes difficult to
get good guidelines for exactly what
will work best for your problem so so
these three causes I'll keep on giving
you a sense of what I see in the
industry in terms of what's more or less
popular but for your application with
your applications video synthesis it's
actually very difficult to know in
advance exactly what will work best so
concrete values would be if you're not
sure which one of these activation
functions work best you know try them
all and then evaluate on like a holdout
validation set or like a development set
which we'll talk about later and see
which one works better and then go of
that and I think that by testing these
different choices for your application
you'd be better at future proofing your
neural network architecture against the
the distinction sees our problem as well
evolutions of the algorithms rather than
you know if I were to tell you always
use a random activation and don't use
anything else that that just may or may
not apply for whatever problem you end
up working on you know either
either in the near future on the distant
future all right so that was a choice of
activation functions you've seen the
most popular activation functions
there's one other question that
sometimes is ask which is why do you
even need to you
activation function at all why not just
do away with that so let's talk about
that
in the next video and when you see why
new network do means some sort of
nonlinear activation function